So we're gonna take everything that we
learned previously in the course and
we're gonna apply it to building a game.
And the game that we're gonna
build is based on data from
a website that I absolutely
love called cameo.com.
Now Cameo is a wonderful website,
it's a place where celebrities
including a bunch of people that
you've heard of, will in exchange for
money record a 30 second personalized
clip for you the Cameo user.
So you can get the Insane Clown Posse
to roast your friends or
wish your spouse a happy anniversary.
And once I discovered this site,
I became obsessed with the idea that if
enough celebrities join this platform,
then because they're all kind
of adjusting their prices and
responding to market pressure,
then we finally have a way to form
a definitive star power ranking across
all different kinds of industries.
We've got movie stars,
rock stars, NBA stars,
wrestling stars, every kind of star,
they're all in here.
And they're all waiting for you to go and
ask them to make a personalized video.
Now, unfortunately,
there is no official Cameo API.
So we're gonna have to use
some scraped data that I've
made available this URL
cameoexplorer.netlify.app.
This is just a very simple app that
I built for exploring this data and
exposing it.
And so
you can see that Dennis Rodman is in here.
Susie Essman from Curb Your Enthusiasm.
In addition to the the data
that is available
through these celebrities' Cameo profiles,
we've also got this most similar to.
So what this API has done is it's
compared all of the little tag lines,
like HBO Curb Your Enthusiasm.
It's compared those with
everyone else's to try and
find the phrases that are most similar.
So if we flick on Saverio Guerra,
for example, it's Mocha Joe.
And he's also related to this
guy Ryan Vasquez who's also in
Curb Your Enthusiasm.
And this works pretty well, and
this means that when we build our game,
we're gonna be able
to take people who have been in the same
shows and put them against each other and
you can see which member of the Office
cast is worth the most, for example.
So here's Dean Norris,
who is Hank from Breaking Bad.
And he is most similar to
Steven Michael Quezada, who is Gummy
who was Hank's partner in the DEA and
best friend for many years.
And yet can only charge a fifth, $40,
of what Dean Norris can charge,
which is outrageous.
Okay, so all of this data is
available at celebs.json.
And this is what we're gonna
be using to build our game.
So we're gonna begin by
cloning the starter repo.
There's a link on
the spelt workshop website.
Again, if you're not on that website
right now, I recommend that you go to it.
It contains all of the useful links
spelled-workshop.netdefy.app.
And we're currently on
the building a game section, and
it contains a link here to the starter
repo which is github.com/RichHarris,
my name, /kamiyaparisonstarter,
Kamiya Parison is the name of the game.
So grab that,
And then just clone that repo CD into it.
And while it's installing dependencies,
I'm gonna show you what the final version
of this game that we're gonna
build together is gonna look like.
So we have two screens,
we have this welcome screen where you can
pick one of seven categories, actors,
athletes, comedians, creators,
models, musicians, and reality TV.
And then, oops, failed to load data,
that's not a good start.
Then it will present ten pairs of
celebrities, and your job when you're
playing the game is to decide which of
these you think is worth the most money.
In this case, I'm going to go with Oscar.
And I was right.
And we'll just go through
that one at a time.
I've started to get pretty good at this.
And I'm gonna go with Duncan.
No, bad guess.
And once you've completed all ten,
it'll tell you the results and
take you back to the welcome screen.
So it's pretty simple,
but you can see there's a few
different things going on here.
We've got some transitions happening,
we've got some asynchronous
data loading happening.
And various little bits of motion, we've
got one of those crossfade transitions so
that when you click on a face and the big
result icon appears, it then sort of
goes down into the results row there.
And we're gonna be building all of this
in the next section of this workshop.
So dependencies are installed,
let's get started.
NPM run dev is going to launch
our development server.
In fact, you know what, I'm going to
launch this from the terminal inside VS
code because that way we'll be able
to see everything all in one go.
Just bring that open.
Open my terminal.
Do MPM run dev.
Okay app is ready and
running on local host 5,000.
Right, and this is basically what
you would get if you were to
claim the spelt default starter template.
There's just a couple of small additions,
which is that I've replaced
the fav icon with a logo for
Kamiya Parison.
And I've added some little
utilities here that we're gonna
use when building the game.
And I've added some icons for,
The green check and the red cross.
But other than that,
it's just the default starter template.